Fix CMake 4 version check (#150169)
pytorch/pytorch: CMakeLists.txt

if(${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR} STREQUAL ${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR})
  message(FATAL_ERROR "In-source build are not supported")
endif()

> # Specify a minimum Policy Version for a project. Used to pass CMake 4 checks
> if(NOT CMAKE_POLICY_VERSION_MINIMUM)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Specify a minimum Policy Version to pass submodule builds with CMake-4+
if(CMAKE_VERSION VERSION_GREATER_EQUAL "4.0.0")
```
